There are tons of moments when I was
younger where I would cry. Well,
everyone tells me it's not [music]
realistic. At the end of the day, I just
loved it. But, I love making videos. I
love entertaining people all four or
five that watched it back then.
We're 99,000 subscribers off of 400
million. Okay, we're going to see if the
highest jumper [music] in the world can
jump higher than a tiger. World record.
CAN HE DO IT?
YOU'RE LEVITATING. MY SCHEDULE is
literally planned down to the minute. I
got to get there, go, and do the next
thing, and the next [music] thing, and
the next thing, and the next thing, and
the next thing, and the next On set of
one of Jimmy's most expensive videos.
[music] He's giving away this private
jet that's worth over $2 million. If he
goes another 100 days, I'll give him
half a million dollars.
>> No.
>> Are you doing another 100 days, or do
you want to go hang out with your
family?
It was a miracle if a day was less than
15 hours.
>> Jimmy is already sprinting to his next
video.
>> You are free [cheering] man.
>> We're in a thumbnail shoot. There's been
hours getting everything set up.
>> How much money do you think all the gear
here is worth?
>> It's definitely north of 500.
>> Like, how many cameras have you used on
a shoot?
>> at about 350 individual [music] cameras.
>> Beast Gang, welcome to Survivor. Welcome
to Fiji.
>> Jeff has been doing Survivor as [music]
long as I've been alive.
>> They've taken this genre and just
steroided
>> Jimmy's like, finally a break.
>> His eyes have been shut for like 30
seconds. He's like taking a nap.
>> [music]
>> Do you ever think you'd die when you
were doing your YouTube videos?
>> There's 20,000 lbs of dirt on me, and if
the coffin broke, I was dead.
We're going to hit 400 million soon,
John.
>> We're 99,000 subscribers off of 400
million.
>> Do you have a ready tweet or
>> Yeah, tell me what you think of that.
>> A decade ago before I blew up, everyone
in my life told me I was too obsessed.
>> [music]
>> I literally told my mom I'd rather be
homeless than do anything else.
>> When I first said I wanted to be a
YouTuber, you know, we'd make $20,000 in
a month, and the next month I'd be like,
"Well, we're going to spend $20,000 on
videos." My mom,
she would cry. We had so many
conversations where she would literally
ball her eyes out crying. Like and I
didn't realize it at the time, but my
mom lost everything in 2008 cuz they
were over leveraged.
>> The worst financial crisis in modern
times.
>> Falling home prices, rising
unemployment.
>> This was a very bad day.
>> It's official, we are in a recession.
>> her PTSD kicking in
>> [music]
>> and she didn't want me to go bankrupt.
Those thoughts never even once crossed
my like why would I set money aside to
do like other YouTube videos? And she's
like, "No, so you don't go bankrupt like
I did." Even to the point where one time
she actually took $100,000 and hid it
from me in a different account in my
name. She didn't steal the money cuz she
was like, "That way at least if Jimmy
goes bankrupt, he has 100 grand and he's
not like homeless."
>> Don't you owe a lot of money on your
house?
>> Yes, so I wanted to give you a check
that will help you pay for it.
>> No, I can't I can't take it. I swear I
cannot take it. So you use me for views
and I get to pay off my mortgage?
>> Mhm, I think it works out pretty well.
>> What an entrepreneur.
>> [laughter]
>> She was just like, "I'm going to stop
like crying and doubting you and like if
you want to reinvest and go hard, go for
it."
>> When you get all emotional for the
>> [laughter]
>> I met Jimmy when I think we were both
about 8 years old.
>> Who is Tyler Conklin?
>> We played baseball together in Little
League.
>> He probably told you that he hit a home
run off me.
Okay, well never mind, delete that
footage.
And Little League, I'm kidding. Put that
in whoever's editing. But put in the
part where I told you to delete it cuz
it'll be funny. But yeah, at 11 we
played Little League. Then he ended up
[music] coming to my school as I started
doing videos. I started doing like these
videos where we'd copy Dude Perfect and
eventually as I started scaling up
I didn't know how to hire. So what did I
do? I called all my friends from high
school and I'm like, "Yo, you want to
help me make videos?" And Tyler's one of
the people I called. And he started off
as like kind of a janitor cleaning for
like whatever, eight bucks an hour when
I first started him and Chandler, which
is funny. My two janitors, one is now my
lead director that writes everything,
and the other is one of my co-hosts,
Chandler. So, I did a good job at hiring
janitors back in that day.
>> There were people in my grade that would
put on [music] his YouTube videos, and
they would laugh at him and be like,
"Look at this awkward dude filming
something." Cuz kids are kind of mean.
And no one was sitting next to him.
[music] He would go play catch, and no
one wanted to play catch with him. He
was very socially awkward. It's hard to
remember, but being a YouTuber was weird
[music] back then.
>> Good times. By good times I mean
horrible times.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, it's so cringe. I hate it.
>> I just felt like an outcast.
>> There were tons of moments when I was
younger where I would cry. But I even
had a video where I was like, "I think I
I should probably quit YouTube. Everyone
tells me it's not realistic. No one
understands." But at the end of the day,
I just loved it. And I loved making
videos. I loved entertaining people. All
four or five that watched it back then.
about $10,000.
>> Every one of these 456 people survives
the longest wins 456 grand. I recreated
Willy Wonka's chocolate factory in real
life.
>> We just HIT 100 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS, AND
IT'S $1 MILLION.
>> AND NOW I LITERALLY, right now, have to
go give away $5 million. I'll see you
there.
>> And competing for this money are 100 of
the strongest people on the planet
versus 100 of the smartest people on
Earth.
>> When Beast Games first started, the
thought of doing [music] something on
television was cool.
>> Like in season one.
>> We are about to play Captain Broad.
>> If you walked away a millionaire, it
would change your life dramatically.
>> I was like, "I want to see that through.
Let's do that."
>> This is the most important day of our
entire season. [music]
This is the make or break as to whether
somebody watches our whole show or
leaves after episode three.
>> TURN ON THE LIGHTS. WE'RE ABOUT TO PLAY
CAPTAIN BROAD.
>> People love what we do on YouTube, so we
want to do it bigger. We want to do it
different because it's 6 hours of
content, not a normal 30-minute video.
But there are still some intrinsic
things about [music] our YouTube videos
people love.
>> Here we go. START THE MONEY COUNTER.
LET'S SEE IF ANY OF THEM TAKE A BRIBE.
>> OUR goal was to stick to our roots and
our roots is virality, doing the biggest
and best.
>> JUST SAY NO TO BRIBES. YOU GOT THIS,
HANNAH.
>> That's a lot of money.
>> Sweeten up. Here we go.
>> Your word, YOUR HEART is not for sale.
>> HE TOOK IT.
>> OH MY GOSH.
>> EVERYONE'S COMING DOWN from the tower
and that has to be [music] one of the
most awkward rides down because JT is
there and screwed over his team, took
the $1 million bribe.
>> Beast Games doesn't compare [music] to
any traditional kind of TV shows and we
built it from the ground up.
>> A record-breaking number of 8,000
players is currently stampeding this
arena.
>> Season 1 was something new for everyone.
>> The first conversation was Jimmy Fallon
[music]
and he said I want to film a show with a
lot of people and a lot of money. Maybe
it's like 10 episodes [music] and each
episode is super different, but he was
referring to it being on a YouTube video
and then it turned into a TV show and
shout out to Mike Cruise. He had a lot
of [music] ins with television people.
Me and Mike flew to LA and started
pitching and that was when it was scary
because one day [music] I'm going to
wake up, I'm going to walk on a set
that's a television set, very different
than YouTube and I'm going to have to
find a way to get this done.
>> And the beauty for us with Beast Games
is we have [music] a YouTube channel and
so I can do a game for $200,000 in one
of my YouTube videos and if it goes well
and people really like it, then now I
can feel more confident when [music] I
spend, you know, sometimes $10 million
building a set on Beast Games that the
viewers will like it.
>> This
>> Wow.
>> is level four.
>> An example of this would be we had this
video where we built an [music] obstacle
course over water with spinny things and
bouncy balls and one of my friends named
Mac had to go through it to win
$800,000.
>> You built this in two weeks, one person
competed on it and then you're You're to
tear it down, right?
>> Absolutely.
>> Traditional TV, they'll run like 20
seasons on one set.
>> Not us. That would be boring. Who wants
to watch the same thing over and over
again? Not me. I want to see a unique
video every week.
>> And people really, really love it. The
retention was really good by YouTube
standards.
>> [music]
>> So, on episode 3 of Beast Games season
2, we brought back an obstacle course,
made it bigger. It's also over water,
this obstacle course. And you know,
instead of one contestant, we had dozens
of contestants, did tons of different
games. The lighting, the coverage,
everything was just way cooler. We had a
way more expensive set. Back in the day,
we recreated Squid Games. And ever since
then, our sets have been getting bigger
and bigger on YouTube. So, we got a lot
of reps under our belts of like, how do
you structure the sets in a way where
they feel realistic, you know, like the
hallway they walk into, the shot
selection, like even little things like
cutting little holes for the cameras to
shoot through. What height, what angles
do you want? All these things we've
field tested so many dozens of times on
our YouTube channel that now, when we do
the same thing but way bigger on Beast
Games, it's just not as scary cuz we've
done it so much. You don't just go from
never building anything to building
massive cities like we do on Beast
Games. And we got that confidence cuz we
were able to do it on YouTube first.
>> How do you manage your time between
YouTube and Beast Games?
>> It was a miracle if a day was less than
15 hours for me. My schedule is
literally planned down to the minute.
Everything has to be perfect because I
just don't, you know, how much time I
got to get there, go, and then I got to
go do the next thing, the next thing,
the next thing, the next thing, the next
thing. For example, our thumbnails, like
our grid system that we lay out on the
floor, we have stand-ins practice the
photos before we
>> So, in a couple of weeks, we have
obstacle video coming out. This is one
of our concepts for it. So, we're
shooting with Jimmy's body doubles.
Doing our best we can to replicate the
concept.
>> I know my face gets edited out anyways,
but I try to like get into it like I'm
actually falling. I think that kind of
helps with the product.
>> I'm here 9:00 to 5:00 Monday through
Friday as of right now.
>> Taking thumbnail photos?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> 9:00 to 5:00?
>> Yeah.
>> You ready?
>> Yep.
>> All right. Rolling.
>> We're right now in a thumbnail shoot.
They're spending hours getting
everything set up. So, then when Jimmy
comes in, he's just ready to go. And so
I can just go boom boom boom boom, take
the photos and get out because I can't
waste time. Like 5 minutes, I can't
waste it.
>> Right now, they're setting up and
telling everyone where to stand on the
grid. It is so precise.
>> How important is the grid?
>> Right now, we need all of our production
assistants who aren't as familiar with
the gear to be able to hit their spot
right when they know you know, clearly
know exactly where they're going. It
lets us keep track of where all the
lights are, where all the people are,
where the camera is, and then we can
save all of that info. And if we ever
have anything that's like super similar
concept, then we can just reset back to
what we had before like that. So it's a
really helped our efficiency in terms of
like shooting with Jimmy. It's a pretty
goofy little job we have here.
>> As much as I wish I wrapped everything
before Beast Games, there were just so
many main channel videos I still had to
do.
So this is day 100 of the survive 100
days in a prison. So you learned under
Tyler, now you're the creative director.
What do [music] you think is the biggest
thing you take on to free up Jimmy's
time?
>> When we film some of these segments in
15 minutes, all the bits are planned out
and make sure they're ready to keep
Jimmy's time as cut short as possible.
When he rolls up, he's able to just flow
flow flow, show up, do it, get out.
>> The guy with the tattoos, he spent 3
years in federal prison for running a
Ponzi scheme. [music] Obviously, I'm not
going to have a murderer. And he wants
to use the money if he wins to pay back
restitution to his victims. So it's a a
good story.
>> So how many cameras are in this prison
set?
>> Uh there's about 20 of them.
>> 28, and they're rolling 24/7. [music]
>> That's correct.
>> Another example of us testing things on
YouTube to bring over to Beast Games
would just be our control room.
>> [music]
>> Look at all the stuff behind me. It did
not exist as of a few days ago. They
literally set up a custom control room.
It is a huge undertaking.
>> We also have this for every set in Beast
Games. We have like 10 of these.
>> And all these sets have their own story
producers that are taking notes.
>> All right, you can see the control room
is in a totally different place than
usual. It's in this truck. [music]
In the control room,
>> there's an army of story producers. They
all have headsets on. They're listening
to a hundred different people's mics.
>> Are you listening to every single
microphone on set?
>> We have the capability to switch between
them and kind of check on all the
different players and also listening to
Jimmy and his boys.
>> What do you do for a living? Just out of
curiosity.
>> Stay at home dad. I play with blocks
every day.
>> So all of these are tags. You can sort
by these different tags. So if I just
want to see everything that we thought
was funny,
>> Yeah.
>> I could search by funny. As the episode
goes on, we are going to add notes of
things that stood out to us on camera
that we heard them say, we saw them do.
Like [music] 69, he was doing this like
crazy dance and I have a note of that
and I want to add that into his one
sheet. You really [music] don't know
who's going to end up in the finale.
>> Yeah.
>> And we want to know that they have a
full strong story from the very first
episode.
>> So we're filming just so [music] much
content at the same time. It's
unfathomable. We're on set of one of
Jimmy's most expensive videos.
>> He's giving away this private jet that's
worth over two million dollars to a guy
that's been living, [music]
sleeping, and traveling on it for the
past 99 days.
>> So this control room is here for over a
hundred days filming him while we're
shooting Beast Games.
>> Today's day 100, so he's made it and
Jimmy's about to come in and gift
[music] it to him. I think it's going to
get crazy.
>> We're moments AWAY FROM THE VIDEO ENDING
AND IT'S TIME for one final decision.
Jerry, bring them out. [cheering]
Here's the thing, your family [music]
has no idea about the second offer. If
he goes another hundred days, I'll give
him half a million dollars.
>> No.
>> No?
>> You want your husband back?
>> Yeah.
>> When you sign this line, this private
jet will be in your name. This is a two
and a half million dollar signature.
Okay.
It's officially yours and my final
question is, are you doing another
hundred days
>> [music]
>> or do you want to go hang out with your
family?
>> I think I'm going to choose that option
right now. GO SAY HI TO HIM.
>> [cheering and applause]
>> AW, THAT'S SO ADORABLE.
>> I DON'T know if I'm getting emotional
cuz I'm also a dad and being part of
this documentary, I'm away from my
daughter for about 30 days to film this.
Seeing his daughter, his wife, all his
friends and family here, it's emotional.
>> Does this feeling ever get old or feel
normal?
>> fresh every time.
>> It's crazy.
>> 1 2
>> Look, it's the look on his face when he
sees his family. It's always It's always
the best.
>> Yeah.
>> How many times do you guys visit the set
in these 100-day videos typically?
>> Probably 60 times.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> At least. I mean, I've spent so much
time with this guy. Like, I feel like I
Like, we're friends now.
>> Look at THIS GUY. WHOA, LOOK AT HOW
STRONG he is.
>> All right, that's a wrap on the private
jet video. Jimmy is already sprinting to
his next one.
>> We also filmed this whole video where we
had cheetahs versus the world's fastest
car and all these other stunts going on
and
>> So, we went to South Africa, raced the
Formula E car, it's the fastest
accelerating car in the world,
>> [music]
>> versus the cheetah, and we filmed
tug-of-war with the world's strongest
man versus a lion.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> We had like an elephant that came in and
painted.
>> What are you filming [music] today?
>> All right, we're going to see if the
highest jumper in the world can jump
higher than a tiger.
>> Oh, wow.
>> She's right behind you.
>> Oh.
>> She tried to touch you.
>> This is going to be lit.
>> Do you feel like YouTube videos like
this are a testing [music] grounds for
Beast Games?
>> 100%.
>> If you watch our Ages 1 to 100 Decide
video, we had Jimmy go up and give
$10,000 for anyone who's willing to
eliminate their row.
>> We're now at $50,000.
>> I'm sorry.
>> Are you serious?
>> That hit we ran it for the show, one of
the best moments of season 1.
>> 900!
Oh my god!
>> Oh my god.
>> Wow, we got it back in season 2.
>> He took it.
>> You have an incubator for content ideas
that most big shows do not have.
>> Yeah, we try it and see how it feels,
and if it feels right, we [music] do it,
you know?
>> To get the tiger excited, that chicken
leg right there is going to bounce up
and down.
Oh, she wants it.
>> How hard is it to [music] shoot with
live animals?
>> You can't really tell a tiger to jump.
We have to use its bait. But like, if it
decides it's not hungry enough to jump,
then it just doesn't jump.
>> Yeah.
>> All right, here comes the jump.
>> Ah.
>> We got to reload. She got it.
>> This is the brutal part of working with
the animals.
>> There's one point where we're sitting
here calling him over and over and over,
and he's not answering in hopes that he
finally picks it up and shows up on set
cuz we're filming in like 15 minutes.
>> Yo, what's up, man?
>> We got a shot to get in Jimmy
>> here now for a rehearsal.
>> He had feasible's meetings. He had to
film with the main channel. He had to
film vertical content. He's filming
non-stop.
>> We're just trying to get [music] the
tiger shot. The tiger keeps catching the
meat, and we're trying to get a good
jump. When do you need me there?
>> Those are a little tricky because on one
hand I totally understand, and on the
other hand, we got a show to film.
>> I thought there was a world he didn't
show up to his own shoot, and I got
nervous.
>> So, we're like 2 hours behind.
>> We're 2 hours behind.
>> For this creative, this is the most
important thing in the world, so we
won't compromise on creative.
>> We'll wait here until we get the best
shot that we can get.
>> We're struggling to get her to jump, so
I'm going to try doing the pulley
myself.
You might have got it. Let's see.
>> Is that the slow-mo?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, yeah. Here it is in slow-mo.
>> Perfect.
>> I mean, that's way cooler than I
thought. That's
>> That's what I'm saying. These shots look
sick.
>> And then we'll be able to play the side
by side of you both going up.
>> How do you manage Jimmy's schedule?
>> There's what Jimmy wants and needs, and
then there's also what every single
other person in the company wants and
needs.
>> I mean, I still have to do voiceover and
work on it before I leave.
>> It's fascinating to see how content
revolves around [music] his schedule. I
mean, Jimmy used to do these 7-day
videos, like 7 days in a coffin, which
meant he could only do [music] one video
per week. But now, Jimmy has teams that
set up different shoots, from YouTube to
Beast Games. He can film a ton more
videos per week. So, Jimmy can [music]
come into this segment,
>> film it, and go out. It looks like
they're about to wrap, and you guys are
going to take them, too.
>> Beast Games set nice, and then we'll do
that for about 4 or 5 hours, and then
>> [music]
>> 3 or 4 a.m., we'll do another man versus
animal bit at a junkyard where we have a
bunch of
baby seals hiding from dogs that are
supposed to find the baby seals.
>> This is his old world record, 12 ft 3
in. And if he touches it, he's going to
set a new one. This does not seem
humanly possible.
World record. Can he do it?
>> My god.
>> Whoa, HE CRUSHED IT!
YO, THAT WAS CRAZY! YOU JUST SET THE
GUINNESS WORLD RECORD!
>> AH, FEEL LIKE I CAN GO HIGHER. I'M
>> OH MY that gosh, this guy. You just
jumped higher than any human on the
planet. And the first thing he says is,
"I can go higher." What a freaking
maniac.
You're levitating.
Bro, that's crazy. You literally look
like a superhero there. That is insane.
Your knee is the same height as my head.
Congratulations, you have officially
beaten your previous world record with a
new world record, and I'm sure you'll
probably beat it again. Let's go to the
next challenge.
>> If there's one thing I've learned from
Jimmy during our 45-day shoot together
is that he obsesses over every single
detail, and that includes his domain
name mrbeast.store. [music]
And he thought alone from speed.store to
dudeperfect.store to our own
created.store, so many creators
trust.store domains, who is today's
sponsor. So, if you're a creator selling
online or even planning to, don't go
with a lengthy .com link that nobody
could type or remember. Go with .store
so it's easier to remember, and people
can trust that it's your official store.
[music] Plus, a website with a .store
domain drives 2x higher visibility
because the word store [music] is in the
link. So, if you're a creator selling
merch or anything digital or physical,
use my link below to get a special deal
to get your .store domain for only $1
for the first year before somebody else
grabs it. Thanks again to our friends at
.store domains for sponsoring this
video, and now I'm to it. I'm doing 12,
15. sometimes I mean some of those days
are 18, 20 hour days on Beast Games and
then I'm turning around and having to go
shoot main channel content just to go
back to the Beast Games grind. I mean
that was
that was a lot man.
>> All right, what's the update?
>> The limo is outside right now. The the
jet is ready.
We are about to go to the island.
>> RAISE THE WALL.
>> EYES ARE ON HIM THE WHOLE TIME.
>> Eyes are on me. So I'm going to back up
because I don't want to get hit by the
cannon.
>> Thumbs up if everybody understands that.
>> Jimmy's going to say somewhere in the
city is 10 cannonballs.
>> I hid 10 cannonballs all around the
city.
>> First 10 people [music] to find a
cannonball, shoot this cannon, goes to
the island.
>> We're going to decide who's competing
for a $1.8 million island right here,
right now.
>> Go.
>> [music]
>> All right, we got our first fighter.
Johnny, try to get her shooting it ASAP
so they hear it. She's about to fire the
first cannon.
>> [music]
>> Our drone team and the drone footage we
have at least for me is one of the
favorite parts of the show. It's the
coolest looking stuff on television.
>> What shot are you trying to get right
now?
>> Um one of them is going to be hovering
right in front of the cannons.
>> Yeah.
>> Master wide hopefully the cannonballs go
like right under.
>> And then we got FPV going all in.
>> Okay, so we got somebody coming up with
a cannonball now so try to give a little
low tracking shot as he heads out.
>> Paul up there is a Drone Racing League
world champion.
>> going to try to do is fly past the
cannon as it fires.
>> That was sick.
>> Thank you.
>> You guys have been flying these drones
all show long. How much do these things
cost?
>> You can buy kind of what you see here
for about 18 grand.
>> Wow.
>> But by the time you get everything you
need to actually do an [music] entire
show's worth of production, you're
probably looking at more like 25-ish.
>> Per drone? Yeah.
>> Round up, 30.
>> 30?
>> 30 all day.
>> They're not cheap and for something that
is not cheap we put them in some
precarious places.
>> Like what?
>> Over cannons, in the cannonball.
>> [laughter]
>> YOU'RE THE SECOND PERSON GOING TO THE
ISLAND. WHENEVER YOU'RE READY.
>> ALL RIGHT, TAKING off with the Mavic.
He's going to shoot it.
That was crazy.
>> There are six left and we've been
looking for a hot minute.
>> The contestants are racing around the
city. [music] We got our headphones on
just to block the noise from the
explosions of the cannon cuz it is loud.
They got the safety measures in place.
They got the pyrotechnics, the
explosions, the lighting. It is
unbelievable.
>> Heck yeah. LET'S GO.
>> WHEN THE LAST CANNONBALL RUNS OVER
[music] THERE, I NEED everyone to be
like, "Yeah." And then Jimmy's going to
trigger the big bomb.
>> I think we have one more person who just
FOUND A CANNONBALL.
>> [screaming]
>> GO. GO. GO. GO. GO. GO.
>> CUE THE FIREWORKS SHOW.
>> Here comes the biggest explosion yet.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Wow.
All right, the fireworks are over and
now the fire department is here on site
making sure all the flames, all [music]
the smoke, everything is safe.
>> So, this is not an uncommon occurrence
with our gear take a bullet hole. Oh, I
can see the lens, dude. [music]
>> Wow.
>> This is where we keep all our camera
bodies and
90% of what we have right now is what
shoots.
>> Oh my god, look at all these GoPros.
>> How much money do you think all the gear
here is worth?
>> I If I had to put a number on it, it's
definitely north of 5 million. [music]
So, I mean, we have, you know, thousands
and thousands of individual serialized
items that we keep track of.
This is our new workhorse, the XT26.
It's a 2600 W
fixture and this is for the outdoor
shoots.
>> like a Ghostbuster.
>> Exactly. Yeah, thanks. Thanks crazy.
These FPV drones.
>> These are flying cars?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> What the hell? This is like my childhood
and [music] adulthood merged.
>> Oh, for sure.
>> Look at this. Look at the GoPro on the
front,
the drone propellers. So So this thing
will like drive into a shot and then
fly.
>> Mhm. They want to have every angle
covered so that they can pull from any
moment.
>> unscripted.
>> Oh, absolutely. I mean I've been geeking
out like all day, but this is something
else.
>> We try to take a lot of the the core
foundation of Mr. Beast giving away
money, giving away private islands and a
lot of the games, challenges, burying
alive. Weirdly, I've done that three
times now.
>> GARRETT, BURY THEM ALIVE. Nine
contestants are being buried alive.
>> Oh my god.
>> Um
>> How are you thinking about this from a
filming perspective?
>> It's all about their confessionals to
the camera when they're in there. So
obviously we have
>> one just straight down.
>> I am really out here getting buried
right now.
>> And they're filling this up quick.
>> got two on either side. So if like
they're laying on one side or the other.
And then these coffins are so large,
you're essentially able to sit up within
the coffin. So we put one at their feet.
Oh my god. That's what we've learned
especially after seeing Jimmy in one for
seven days. [music] Just like camera
placement within this confined space.
>> It's going to sound crazy, but if you're
going to bury somebody alive, you want
the Beast [music] team to do it.
>> Can I bury myself in the coffin?
>> You can.
>> Really?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Woah.
It's been nice knowing you.
Woah.
Scary, right? All right, that's a wrap
everybody.
>> That is terrifying. Like how did you
prepare for this when you [music] did
this for your YouTube videos?
>> Truthfully, the first time I I bought a
coffin and put it in my garage at my old
house and I would just lay in it for a
few hours every night just to adjust to
being in it cuz I wanted to know if I
was going to have a panic attack before
we started [music] the video. There's
20,000 lbs of dirt on me and if the
coffin broke I was dead.
Bro, my back was hurting and you can get
blood clots and but
people found it enjoyable. Look at the
views on it.
>> Would you ever bury yourself alive for
more than 7 days?
>> At one point we were thinking about
doing a month but honestly I got so much
stuff going on [music] now. I'm good.
John hits the hardest questions as like
my awareness and
like brain cells are plummeting. John's
like, all right, time to dig deep. Your
childhood, your mother, what was that
relationship like? That's his job.
That's why I I told him to hang around.
>> That's right.
>> Yeah, that's what no one else will. Most
people would be too afraid.
>> What does it take to be Jimmy's main cam
op?
>> You have to be able to predict what he
wants before he wants it.
>> Regal.
>> Yeah, I I
>> He just wants to be talent. He doesn't
want to do it.
>> Wait, Darris, do you want to be in front
of the camera?
>> Yeah, he does.
He's he's feening to throw the camera
down.
>> Wow, so you're going to have Darris in
the main channel YouTube video in front
of the camera. There's a lot of folks
[music] at Beast have worn many
different hats. I mean, Carl was behind
the camera. Like Tariq's like has
>> That's that's our pipeline to talent. Is
he just hold the camera until everyone
[music] kind of likes him?
>> You're already thinking about how to
like rotate more of them in your
>> not like I don't like these guys. It's
just so, you know, like right after we
finish this it's 30 days of non-stop
main channel filming. Like these guys
are going to be dying, you know what I
mean?
>> Yeah. So, do you think you'll continue
like on that pace like
>> Yeah, cuz it's my company. But it's
different, you know.
>> Even when you you have a family [music]
and kids?
>> Oh, like 20 years? I don't know. I just
know what I'm doing in the next 24 hours
and it's eating and filming.
>> [laughter]
>> This is what I'm talking about. See how
Carl's just yelling random things?
>> Cameraman and Urkel.
I'm looking like Steve.
>> Urkel.
>> Oh.
>> Ooh.
>> So am I.
>> [laughter]
>> We all look like dots.
>> John, who looks more like Steve Urkel?
>> I'm about to get canceled.
>> [laughter]
>> Maybe Darris by a little.
>> Cuz I did 24 hours in a desert, 24 hours
in a jungle, 24 hours underwater. I've
24 hours salt turkey experiment. 24
hours alive was just a natural
evolution, you know.
>> Did you ever think [music] you'd die
when you were doing your YouTube videos
and kind of
>> No, cuz we have safety teams and stuff.
And I have faith. I mean, that's why we
have Johnny.
>> If there was a catastrophic emergency up
here, they'd be safer down there.
>> Johnny's a stunt double here. This is
our safety
>> Yeah, how you do it? We'll push you in.
>> This guy was Zac Efron's stunt double.
>> The things that [music] you did during
your breaks where you invited other
creators on
>> Those were a lot. That's what makes it
so hard because I wasn't just doing
Beast Games, I was also doing the
marketing for Beast Games and I was
doing social posts and stuff for after
the show drops. And so those were
>> [music]
>> Man, those were jam-packed days. It was
a lot of creators we filmed with. And
I'm so grateful for them.
>> Yeah, what's up, baby?
>> You're taking my life.
>> I love this guy. I love this guy, man. I
love this guy. When you got this
out here, you know you made it, dude. I
said get that out of my shot.
>> That's [laughter] John's foot mic.
That's not me.
>> Bro, you can't stand on there when
you're 6'5". You're making me look like
I'm Keywan, bro.
>> [laughter]
>> Come on.
Keywan, stand on there, man.
>> They're a great equalizer.
>> Yeah, there we go. Yeah.
>> It's my two worlds colliding right here.
I want to be here without you.
>> Dude, wait. What's the most viewed video
on John's channel, though?
>> [laughter]
>> Wait, I haven't beat him yet?
I think Danny has 3.5 and Jimmy has
>> Number one, most viewed videos on his
channel is me. Let's get it.
>> I'm in second.
>> Bro, you have 400 million subscribers.
>> I'll probably gain 8 million in the next
two days.
>> [laughter]
>> This is Mr. Beast, the biggest YouTuber
in the world. So, behind me, Jimmy is
doing another collab with a creator.
It's his ninth one tonight as he kind of
speed runs through each of these creator
collabs.
>> Is that Brent Rivera?
>> Yeah, that's it.
>> And it's been orchestrated by [music]
Sanam, the head of marketing for Beast
Games, to help promote the show. How
many TikToks would you say you've shot
so far throughout the show? [music]
>> 47,
48.
>> Wow. And how hard is it to get like time
with Jimmy?
>> [laughter]
>> You said that before I finished.
>> Very hard.
>> Yeah.
>> We put creators in different areas of
the set during Jimmy's breaks so [music]
you can do the collabs
back-to-back-to-back without losing any
time.
>> Airrack came down, Graham Stephan,
Matthew Beem and his secret room, Haley
Baylee.
>> Because we're building such large
massive sets in Beast Games, it's just a
perfect breeding ground to film social
content.
>> Lethal Shooter taught me everything he
knows.
>> Can you guess which shot went in?
>> Before we shoot with Jimmy, we do it
with a stand-in to make sure that the
camera angles, the sound, [music] and
the lights are perfect, so we can get it
in one take without wasting a second.
>> Can you guess who makes this shot?
Three, two, one.
>> Those 40 collabs would not have been
possible without our head of marketing,
Sanam. He crushed it.
>> We're coming up with better
>> better ideas for Danny's channel.
>> We're coming up with bangers.
>> You want one?
>> Jimmy's like, finally [music] a break.
>> [laughter]
>> Finally a break.
>> You want one?
>> His eyes have been shut for like 30
seconds. He's like taking a nap.
>> [laughter]
>> You have an extremely busy schedule, so
>> Oh yeah, I'm going to go back to filming
Beast Games. I won't forget to post the
Instagram story. Go check it out.
>> YouTubers collaborate. That's a a normal
thing. And the idea that television
doesn't do it, um see it just doesn't
make sense to me. There's a lot of
things that get in the way with that, a
lot of networks and a lot of problems,
but there's no reason not to figure it
out, and so we did. We We went straight
to the source. We went to Jeff.
>> Getting excited. I get to meet the
players,
see Jimmy.
>> Let's go ahead and roll.
>> Rolling.
>> Action, Jeff.
>> That's [music] sick.
>> Welcome.
Come join me.
>> Jeff Roast?
>> Yes, it is.
>> For Survivor specifically, there's a
hundred thousand reasons why we should
collaborate with them. We give away
islands.
>> I BOUGHT THIS GIANT ENORMOUS PRIVATE
ISLAND, AND I'M GIVING IT TO ONE OF YOU.
>> There's a whole island video where we do
votes like tribal, even strength and
smarts.
>> Strong versus smart.
>> Came from brains and brawn.
>> We're doing [music] three tribes this
year.
>> Beauty, brains, and brawn.
>> Everyone in our company has seen some
form of Survivor episodes.
>> You watch Survivor every week.
>> I know.
>> Literally, Jeff Probst is the godfather
of challenge television.
>> Jimmy, is it wild that Jeff's [music]
first season of Survivor was when he was
27 years old? You're 27 years old right
now.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Dang. Jeff's been doing Survivor as long
as I've been alive.
>> Every second I breathe air is a second
he spent making the show. [music]
>> What's up? You're finally here.
>> Nice to finally meet you.
>> Hey man, thanks for coming out here.
>> Yeah, dude.
>> Yeah. Beast Games, welcome to Survivor.
Welcome to Fiji.
Hey everybody, we got Beast Games team
here.
>> How's it going? Nice to meet you all.
>> Survivor has really perfected [music]
storytelling. It's literally what
started all of this, right? I mean, we
we kind of have Survivor to thank for
that. [music]
>> You have
Jeff in Survivor and like one of the
greatest TV franchises ever, and now you
have Jimmy and Beast Games in
the biggest, probably [music] most
watched competition show ever, and it
was like
when Kareem met Magic for the first
time.
But it was the two giants of their
respective worlds like coming together
in that moment.
>> We've revamped it all into your color
scheme with your logos and your banners.
>> We [music] think it works pretty well,
but the idea is we run it and then you
and your team tweak it as you want.
>> Hey Carl, hop up there.
>> I don't even know where to go from here.
To [music] me, this is the highest point
we'll ever see, I think.
>> Oh yeah, dude.
I'm here for life.
>> For the first phase, you go through
here, you got coconuts. You got to stand
on this platform, take one coconut at a
time.
>> We brought 10 people. We left our entire
crew and we basically asked them, "Can
we use your whole crew?" As amazing as
our crew is at filming Beast Games, our
crew wouldn't film Survivor the way
Survivor's crew would. That was their
off day. They work six days a week.
That off day, they used for us
just to help our show.
>> I'm letting Jeff take over this episode.
I'm following his lead. It'll be fun.
>> I don't know how they do it on Beast
Games. On Survivor, we move quickly.
We've never done anything like this.
We're super insulated, you know, you
could say protective of our show. We
really don't typically even have people
visiting, but the only [music] people we
would have here would be Beast Games.
>> I don't want to conform Jeff to our
style. I want to conform
>> [music]
>> myself to his style. Cuz I mean, it's
50 seasons. Clearly people like it.
>> When we went to Survivor Island, that's
something that Shawn kind of put into
effect.
>> Jeff, can I show you this picture that
Shawn Klysner shared of your first
meeting together?
>> Yeah, it's at our guest house.
>> Do you remember how that came together
and like what role Lori played in that?
Like how did that all come about?
>> because of her.
>> I had an opportunity to go visit Fiji.
>> We just happened to be seated next to
each other on the plane ride to Fiji and
immediately hit it off and got to
talking.
>> I literally asked Lori Del Col on the
airplane over to Fiji, who's Jeff's
right hand, you know, with all things
PR, and I just said, "Hey, we should do
something together." And she goes,
"Huh." She goes, "What does that look
like?"
I was like, "Well, what if we did
something as a collab?"
>> I texted Jeff right from the plane. You
know, we got to talk as soon as I land.
>> She looked up. She goes, "I just texted
Jeff."
I was like,
like Jeff Jeff Probst? Then all of a
sudden it goes ding and she looks down.
She goes,
"He's really into it."
>> We just kept talking. Lori's like, "We
should do something with them. They are
cool. They're like us."
>> We meet with Jeff. We spent about 2
hours with him and I took out my camera
and I took a picture and he goes, uh,
"Let's change television."
>> Okay, we officially have our two team
captains.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm dreaming. This is This is crazy.
>> We're all rolling. All right, over to
Jeff.
>> Go.
>> All right, they're off. First out of the
gate.
>> THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT ON SURVIVOR.
>> PINK IS falling incredibly behind.
>> Is this it?
>> It was interesting to see the Survivor
team that has a formula down to a
science of how they produce TV to have
the circus come into town.
>> As similar as Jeff and Jimmy are in
their content, they're totally different
in their approach.
>> It's fun to watch Jimmy sort of go
wherever he wants. He doesn't care that
his hat covers his face. He doesn't care
he's back to camera.
>> I literally was looking at Jimmy going,
this guy's the king.
Clearly genius. I was like, exactly what
he's doing.
>> There's kids on the set. He's like, "Oh,
come in. Come in. I'll say hi to the
kids." And you know, Jeff Probst took a
moment and was like,
"How This what you do on your show? Like
people can come and go?" He's like,
Jimmy's like, "Yeah. Like this is what
we do."
>> They've taken this genre and just
steroided it. Everything's bigger. The
bribes are not a hamburger.
>> Three.
Two.
One.
>> All right, ladders out.
>> Remember, if your feet hit that sand,
your chances of winning the island is
over.
>> Tyler, this week
>> get interesting quickly.
>> Jimmy, he is jamming his face
>> Yeah, that does not look comfortable.
>> Jeff is coming in with a little bit
where he's giving away a burger, which
is a big deal on Survivor.
>> Ethan, this is a fresh burger made in
our Survivor kitchen.
>> Ian?
>> Ian said no.
>> Give it to the losers so they feel a
little better.
>> And then Jimmy's going to come in with
his big [music] twist.
>> CARL, BRING IT ON IN. I'M CURIOUS. Will
any of you take my $50,000 bribe?
>> 50 G, baby.
>> Stay up.
>> Bro.
>> Both of us have families. You're not
going to beat us in tribal.
>> Ethan, you're good.
>> Six.
>> You take it.
>> Five.
>> Ethan, don't do it.
>> Take it, Ethan.
>> I'm going to take it.
>> One, slide down.
>> No. Keep it. Keep it.
>> Yeah, you're good. You're good. If you
slide down now, I'll allow it.
>> Keep it.
>> Wait, Ethan is really taking it. Okay.
Wow.
Wait. Ian, you can slide DOWN. WAIT, IAN
WAS ABOUT TO GIVE IN, TOO.
>> Just seeing like bribes with that much
money or the fact that Jimmy has given
over $24 million in one season. You've
given over 50 million and over 50
seasons. Does that [music] make you
think about the prize money you want to
give away on Survivor moving forward?
>> No, because we're this is the
fundamental difference of the two social
experiments in my opinion.
Beast Games is about what would you do
for money? Survivor is who are you when
stripped of everything? So, our show the
the money is
the carrot, but the experience and the
adventure of being tested with while
you're living in nature with no food and
no shelter and all that's what the show
is about.
>> Your experiment is very different. You
just saw it play out. Ethan was, as
Jimmy just said, seconds away from
probably the island because he's saying
JC get the votes.
>> can't get the votes, yeah.
>> But the minute Jimmy said,
"This is guaranteed." Ethan said, "I'm
taking the guarantee." I thought that
was That little moment, I'd say that's
what Beast Games is all about right
there.
Even now people [music] say, "When are
you going to be done?"
>> I don't know.
>> You know, I love pointing to you as an
example cuz I say the same thing like
I've been doing YouTube for 15 years and
everyone's like, "Well, eventually
you're going to get too old." cuz I've
been doing it since I was 12. And I'm
like, I mean, Jeff's in his 60s now,
he's still going. Like, why do I have
Why Why do I have to stop before I turn
30? What do you mean? You know? They're
like, "So, when you're 40 years old,
you'll be making YouTube videos?" And
I'm like, "Yeah, why not?"
>> Your storytelling is up here and you
leave knowing the characters and I'd say
season 1 we're down here and in season 2
I'm trying to like bring it up to here
where you like feel like you really know
a lot of the contestants.
>> That's cool. That's a nice compliment.
>> And you bring spectacle in a way that
really blows up an idea, which is cool.
>> The question is who's going to be doing
this longer, me or Jeff? I'll let you
guys decide that.
>> I I got another 20, 30 years in the
tank. Does he?
>> Damn. See, now
>> That's unfair.
>> Yeah, who's going to quit first?
>> Yeah.
>> He's in his 60s, he's so old.
This is how I think Jimmy sees me.
No, I see a little more bent over. Yeah,
sorry. That was a little too healthy.
>> A set is not complete [music] until they
shoot social media content. That's what
we've learned from Jimmy throughout all
of this, you know. They're about to film
a few Instagram photos, a few TikToks
and Reels. And I wouldn't be surprised
if after this Survivor starts doing even
[music] more social posts.
>> your microphone.
>> Oh, thanks, Jabow.
There you go. And I wouldn't be
surprised if after this Survivor starts
making even more social content [music]
cuz they got these amazing set pieces.
>> My ball gets in the target before yours.
Will you go on your YouTube channel and
say Survivor's the greatest show and
everybody should watch it?
>> Yes, I will 100% promote it, but you're
not winning, so it is what it is.
>> They literally went, "Hey, welcome to
our family. Like, come on in. Let's try
something new. Let's do something. Let's
not say no." was our rule. Let's just
not say no.
And what came out of it was Oh, I don't
want to say it could change the
industry, but it should open the
industry's eyes up [music] to
how collaboration should happen more in
the industry. It's what the next
generation [music] wants to see.
>> You guys have no idea how epic this is
going to be. People are going to love
it, and I I'm very grateful for you
guys.
>> There is so much that we
have been able to learn throughout the
experience of traditional television.
But the one thing that we really, really
have is that YouTube
get it done, whatever it takes
mentality. [music]
And I think we figured out
I think we figured out what people want
to watch on television.
>> This is my
>> How to succeed [music] in MrBeast
Productions.
>> I remember when this leaked.
>> I've met so many people who'd said
[music] their boss made them read this.
I'm just going to read from it.
>> It is 11:35 at night. Jimmy is filming a
[music] lunch meat commercial.
>> Let's do one more.
>> This is where the expansion's being
done.
>> Here, we solve crazy problems. That's
how you pull off the impossible.
>> We have a phone, and it says, "Ask
[music] for anything."
>> How do you produce something like that?
>> The requests are coming in one by one by
one. Send him the surfing too.
>> A masseuse, [music] a tattoo artist,
psychic, drivers all over the city.
>> Private jets waiting on standby.
>> I am getting slammed.
>> Yeah, could you connect me with Elon
Musk?
>> I DM'd Elon, and then the next day Elon
replied with me.